Alright.
Natalie Austin: Hi, Brian.
Brian Vanhoose: Hi, how's it going
Natalie Austin: Good, how are you
Brian Vanhoose: Feeling pretty rough
Natalie Austin: Sorry about this morning. I didn't realize I had an appointment.
Natalie Austin: Overnight, I guess so.
Brian Vanhoose: Sorry about that.
Natalie Austin: No, you're fine.
Natalie Austin: Welcome to bright heart.
Natalie Austin: Are you new to Suboxone therapy.
Brian Vanhoose: What is it one more time.
Natalie Austin: Are you new to Suboxone therapy. This is new to you.
Brian Vanhoose: Know my Josh
Brian Vanhoose: Taking my
Natalie Austin: So, um, what is your ones last time you had a prescription filled, are you
Brian Vanhoose: I can, I can
Brian Vanhoose: Know what it was like three was one minor now.
Natalie Austin: I ran out three days ago.
Brian Vanhoose: Or something like
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you what's drawing right now. Are you okay
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Your last name.
Brian Vanhoose: Ah. Oh, I see.
Natalie Austin: Up there. You're a van hoose
Yes.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: And what what medicine, are you on the Suboxone
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, the north end with
Natalie Austin: The tablets or the film.
goblets
Natalie Austin: Twice a day.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: What do you say,
Brian Vanhoose: I know you can see me or not, my alarm on my phone went off and
Natalie Austin: That's okay. No, no, you're fine.
Natalie Austin: And you got you got to CBS on High Street.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I'll tell me about your
Natalie Austin: Tell me about your story. Tell me about your of your story.
Natalie Austin: How this all got started.
Brian Vanhoose: Basically both my parents were needle junkies my whole life. And I grew up watching them. Oh.
Brian Vanhoose: Really. Yeah. Yeah. They didn't. They didn't care.
Brian Vanhoose: I don't. I've never used a needle or nothing but
Brian Vanhoose: I just, I don't know. I figured it was like a way of life and straight, it was
Brian Vanhoose: Slamming
Natalie Austin: Did you did you use needles or use did the pills.
Brian Vanhoose: I just, I know I don't heroin, but I don't know pain pills to start it off.
Natalie Austin: So you did. You did IV drugs to
Brian Vanhoose: No, no.
Natalie Austin: You never did. Oh, you did heroin.
Natalie Austin: snorted it or something.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay gotcha, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: What age did you start that
Brian Vanhoose: Probably about 1718
Natalie Austin: Your parents still into that now.
Brian Vanhoose: I talked to him in years. I wouldn't know.
Oh, wow.
Brian Vanhoose: I say so, I mean,
Natalie Austin: I'm so sorry. You grew up like that. Wow.
Brian Vanhoose: It's up
Natalie Austin: That's a little on the crazy side on
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So how old are you now.
Brian Vanhoose: 25
Natalie Austin: s&c where you started, since you were like, what 15
Brian Vanhoose: Somewhere in there 15 to 18 right in there somewhere.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you have you gone to rehab at all.
Brian Vanhoose: went to dinner. That's it, but
Brian Vanhoose: Man when I have the
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, I don't have no urges like a day when I had that boxing. Yeah, I mean,
Natalie Austin: Helps me
Unrealistic
Natalie Austin: Well, I'm. When did you start the Suboxone. How did you get
Brian Vanhoose: To six months because I
Natalie Austin: Just learned you just started taking it a four to six months ago.
Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You
Brian Vanhoose: Make your withdrawal. I could do either.
Natalie Austin: They give that to your center.
Natalie Austin: They give that to you at the Recovery Center.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's, that's how you learned about it. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Then when you put out you followed up with one of the doctors and
Natalie Austin: Then they stopped taking
Natalie Austin: Your insurance. Is that correct,
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, I had a because they wouldn't take down my insurance so I couldn't, I couldn't afford it.
Brian Vanhoose: They would have literally been taking food out of my kids. His mouth to
Brian Vanhoose: Pay for it.
Natalie Austin: The patient must have a valid address
Natalie Austin: Okay, I get your address. I guess here.
Brian Vanhoose: Are you ready
Natalie Austin: For one second here.
Natalie Austin: I gotta find a space for
Natalie Austin: You homeless.
Natalie Austin: What what address. Can we use
Brian Vanhoose: My grandma's 200
Natalie Austin: Or
Brian Vanhoose: 200
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Let me spell it.
Natalie Austin: You are
Brian Vanhoose: What is it
Natalie Austin: Did you say court CEO, you are T
Brian Vanhoose: Know corboy CEO be
Natalie Austin: Corp. Oh.
Natalie Austin: Street.
Brian Vanhoose: What is it
Natalie Austin: Is a corbo Street.
Brian Vanhoose: Yes. Your Bo y road.
Natalie Austin: To our Bo y road.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay, and what's what's city.
Brian Vanhoose: Winchester.
Natalie Austin: Wi n CH E S T, er,
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, just like just like the gun company.
Natalie Austin: Right. Okay, and what's the zip code there.
Brian Vanhoose: It's either four or 567 it's four or 5697
Natalie Austin: Okay, perfect.
Natalie Austin: And your mobile phone is 937-992-1055
Brian Vanhoose: Yes, ma'am. Okay.
Perfect. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Right.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so let's go into your past medical history, do you have any diabetes, hypertension, high blood pressure, high cholesterol.
Brian Vanhoose: I really, I really don't have any health issues.
Brian Vanhoose: The only thing I'm even ALLERGIC TO BEES.
Natalie Austin: Bees. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yep.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Natalie Austin: So, these
Natalie Austin: Toxic reaction the Hornets lost in the bees. Okay, what happens
Brian Vanhoose: Sorry about that. She's got something alarm set up on this phone.
It's okay now.
Natalie Austin: Everyone read better on it, butter, peanut butter jelly
Natalie Austin: Allergy. There we go.
Natalie Austin: Are you a kid when I first happened. You got stung by a bee and
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, stepped on
Oh,
Natalie Austin: What happened, whenever you took whatever you got stung by a bee.
Brian Vanhoose: Well, we didn't know it was a allergic or whatever. And my first started just watch it.
Natalie Austin: Oh, okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you take medications for anything.
Brian Vanhoose: No man.
Natalie Austin: Is it depression PTSD.
I'm
Brian Vanhoose: Like I have anxiety, but I never been to a doctor over it, or nothing.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So under on past medical history was put in generalized anxiety disorder.
Natalie Austin: F1 1.10
Natalie Austin: You're going to get some
Natalie Austin: A pastor grace will go into the past surgical history. Any surgeries.
Brian Vanhoose: Know surgeries, I've broken bones. It's it
Natalie Austin: Did you have to have surgery for the bones are they just healed on their own.
Brian Vanhoose: Oh no, I mean they read what
Brian Vanhoose: Was it called reliable home or whatever.
Natalie Austin: Reset. Reset them.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you stop your tonsils gallbladder appendix.
Brian Vanhoose: Talked over gone, but that's the only one that's going
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's a surgery that sounds like to me. How old are you, if you remember how old you were
Brian Vanhoose: I don't even remember the surgery. No.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Just take the whole thing out of the take it out of the pan.
Natalie Austin: So I selected me that as a child.
Natalie Austin: Family history. Your parents are still alive.
Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Sorry.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, but you haven't. You haven't spoken lemon, like, what, how many years.
Brian Vanhoose: Brought three or four
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And they play both have on
Natalie Austin: IV drug use.
Natalie Austin: You know they are generally
Brian Vanhoose: A
Brian Vanhoose: Rock and the point 40 to 45 by seven.
Natalie Austin: Okay, gotcha.
Natalie Austin: Give me brothers or sisters
Brian Vanhoose: I have one sister, but she's a gospel
Brian Vanhoose: So,
Natalie Austin: She's at the hospital.
Brian Vanhoose: Now she's a Pentecostal.
Natalie Austin: Pentecostal.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: She younger ravens, but to say, girl.
Brian Vanhoose: She's three years younger.
Brian Vanhoose: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Does she have any medical
Does
Brian Vanhoose: She has a few yeah I'm not sure what I'm not sure all what like nothing major. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Did you know if your parents have any like diabetes, hypertension, cancer.
Bipolar
Brian Vanhoose: That's the only thing either of math.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, Muslims bipolar. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have bipolar or your sister.
Brian Vanhoose: I could have. I've never been diagnosed that
Natalie Austin: Because it's usually a red flag ADHD.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
I may
Natalie Austin: Get medicine for that.
Brian Vanhoose: No, never. My dad said that, uh, basically, when I was real young my parents want at x like that started when I was a few years old or whatever. But my dad said that the doctor told him that I'd have a chance to be addicted to
Brian Vanhoose: There'll be a high chance, I'd be addicted to speed if he put me on the riddle and and stuff when I got older, so he just didn't
Brian Vanhoose: Okay, I was just one active person I ran off at the mouth. A lot
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: Okay, let's the family history will go under Social History, are you married single divorced never married
Brian Vanhoose: I'm trying, I'm engaged so
Natalie Austin: Do you have any
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, for
Natalie Austin: For
Natalie Austin: And how old are they are they boys or girls.
Brian Vanhoose: My daughters, about to be five to three year old boys and I have a 19 month old.
Natalie Austin: They live with you or
Brian Vanhoose: Two of them do. Okay.
Natalie Austin: And it does your Fiance LIVE AT YOUR GRANDMOTHER'S HOUSE TO with you.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay, so you're not really homeless, you have a roof over your head right
Brian Vanhoose: I mean, at night. Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: My kids woman stay there at all times, but I don't
Natalie Austin: I your grandmother's
Natalie Austin: Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: What do you do during the day.
Brian Vanhoose: Most of the time I'm working
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Do you have a place to sleep at night. Right.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah yeah
Natalie Austin: Oh, good. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Next question. Are you employed. So you do work. That's good.
What do you do
Natalie Austin: Oh, concrete. Concrete oh great, you're still going to work through the Cogan
Brian Vanhoose: You're in there. One more loud.
Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Not
Natalie Austin: Much right now. I know you guys have a stay at home order.
Brian Vanhoose: Honey, do we have a stay at home order.
Brian Vanhoose: We have a stay at home or
Brian Vanhoose: I mean other than like grocery shopping and stuff like that. Yeah.
Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: I mean, that stuff's getting pretty crazy.
Natalie Austin: It is, I know it's getting worse of the day.
Natalie Austin: We can still talk. That's nice. That doesn't affect the telemedicine, which is good.
Brian Vanhoose: People screwed without that one.
Natalie Austin: I know absolutely yeah a lot of family doctors are doing this now.
Natalie Austin: Just helping out. Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Well, that was doing it that Dr. That a quick taken by insurance. I just started doing that and then
Brian Vanhoose: Like a
Brian Vanhoose: Like a week week ago. They called me and told me that said, that'd be if I couldn't do self.
Brian Vanhoose: Pay. That'd be my last description.
Natalie Austin: I'm glad you found us. That's good.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, yeah, I got referred to friend.
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, so, alcohol use tobacco use marijuana
Brian Vanhoose: A few times I smoke a pack of cigarettes a day. Okay.
Buddy.
Brian Vanhoose: Tobacco yeah
Natalie Austin: Okay, since what age.
Brian Vanhoose: Probably 16
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So about one pack a day since age 16 okay no IV drug use. That's good.
Natalie Austin: No Alcohol, he said.
Brian Vanhoose: Past alcohol use, what
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, not when I was under 18 I drank tea parties, but I've never liked
Natalie Austin: And have a marijuana
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah I smoked marijuana a lot until I started taking meds.
Brian Vanhoose: Just as I didn't lose my medications.
Natalie Austin: Right, well you have you got your medical marijuana card.
Brian Vanhoose: No, I'd love to.
Brian Vanhoose: You can get one and
Brian Vanhoose: Ohio and anxiety.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, it helps with it so
Brian Vanhoose: I can't, I can't figure out how to get referred to a dispensary.
Natalie Austin: Well, good it, go on, go on a website to google@ohio.gov slash medical marijuana. It'll have all the information on how to get your medical marijuana card, you have to download a form
Natalie Austin: print it out and then it should give you a list of all the doctors that can sign that form for you.
Natalie Austin: And they just sign the form you mail it into the state and they'll send you a card in the mail and you can just go to any dispensary.
Okay.
Brian Vanhoose: So look at all.
Natalie Austin: The anxiety is one of the diagnoses that are used for that and also opioid use disorder.
Disorder with us.
Natalie Austin: Is also one of the diagnoses that can be used for that. Okay. Okay.
Brian Vanhoose: Good.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Alex is this bee pollen causes anaphylaxis, but no medicine allergies.
Medications
Natalie Austin: You're on.
Natalie Austin: People in our friend.
Natalie Austin: Is it the tablets or the film.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Does your insurance cover three times a day dosing. I think they only cover twice a day dosing
Brian Vanhoose: They should cover daily
Natalie Austin: They always done
Natalie Austin: Oh, they did.
Natalie Austin: Did you ever did you ever run a script through your insurance with three times a day dosing of this
Brian Vanhoose: Oh, yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: I think it was the same. Oh, yeah. Hang on.
Brian Vanhoose: Hang on.
Brian Vanhoose: My insurance covers through that.
Brian Vanhoose: I didn't know if it was
Natalie Austin: There's a lot of the other people need to get a prior off at the same thing twice a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, yeah, I mean,
Brian Vanhoose: You know,
Brian Vanhoose: Will they you don't know if they'll cover it or not.
Natalie Austin: You are now do you get there. Unfortunately I don't I don't deal with insurance companies. I'm just
Brian Vanhoose: yogic
Brian Vanhoose: You, they're
Natalie Austin: telling you what other people told me hearing
Brian Vanhoose: You want you can hear me. Start with two a day where because I would hate to not have them.
I know
Natalie Austin: Because
Natalie Austin: Oh my me
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, your, your internet connections. Read it says
There. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: That's your
Natalie Austin: Mindset minus three.
Natalie Austin: Lines on
Brian Vanhoose: Service or what
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I can hear you perfectly
Brian Vanhoose: Can you not hear.
Brian Vanhoose: Me. Yeah, I can hear you.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Other people have told me that care source only covers like 60 tablets, a month.
Natalie Austin: So,
Brian Vanhoose: Anyway, I want to get to three.
Brian Vanhoose: Times a day.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, we try to beat him.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: He doesn't pay gonna run into all
Natalie Austin: That that's primarily most people are on twice a day.
Natalie Austin: So I'm really should just take your take your morning till a little bit later and take your evening fill a little bit earlier. So you don't have a huge
Natalie Austin: Gap. Yeah, okay.
Natalie Austin: And what you want something new.
Brian Vanhoose: Because I found that out the people take it too early. It runs up. Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Hopefully that'll cut me down one anyway just. We don't do that product.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, good. That's good. That's what we should do. That's what you should be doing with it.
Natalie Austin: And that's an hills CBS and Hillsborough, is that correct
Natalie Austin: It's gonna send you a text it says good Rx but it's a text from me sending it to you. Okay. Give me one sec.
Natalie Austin: I'm going to send it
Natalie Austin: On your phone.
Brian Vanhoose: Not yet.
Brian Vanhoose: I won't be able to see it and
Natalie Austin: After we get off. OK. OK.
Natalie Austin: I just sat through
Brian Vanhoose: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I just do this. You guys know that I sent it out. So you're not wondering, did she send it says it at the pharmacy, yet you know you're not
Natalie Austin: You don't have to make hundred calls, trying to figure out
Natalie Austin: So when you get that that's what it is. OK.
Brian Vanhoose: OK.
Natalie Austin: Let's go under.
Brian Vanhoose: To the other medications are
Natalie Austin: So we'll just do the
Natalie Austin: Suboxone eight slash two tablets once to twice a day.
Natalie Austin: So I sent in 14 tablets. That's one. So, I will see you next week.
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Here. How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: How much do you weigh
Brian Vanhoose: About 190
Okay.
Natalie Austin: General lot of a wonder smell Nokia distress at AMP T Perla cardiac clauses attack lungs non labor aspirations admin understanding extremities know Dema
Natalie Austin: Like learn or two times three neuro crown or cranial nerves to through 12 intact extremities know Dema
Natalie Austin: musculoskeletal five five Jenna tell you the first
Natalie Austin: I'm lymphatic system.
Natalie Austin: No lymphatic apathy skin no rashes.
Natalie Austin: Before that will do the review of systems.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills,
Brian Vanhoose: With the withdrawals. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You have them now. Yeah, any direct
Brian Vanhoose: Nausea, vomiting,
Diarrhea
Natalie Austin: What I'm not at the moment, no.
Natalie Austin: Not right now.
Natalie Austin: But or like earlier this morning or later tonight, maybe
Natalie Austin: You'll get your pills here in our
Natalie Austin: Stop.
Natalie Austin: Any anxiety right now.
Brian Vanhoose: No, not really.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brian Vanhoose: When I was in. It was a little bit. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you have any sweats right now. Are you sweating.
Brian Vanhoose: Na, na, na
Natalie Austin: No real withdrawal symptoms restless leg.
Natalie Austin: Know that
Brian Vanhoose: No, not
Brian Vanhoose: When I woke up late. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Okay, so yeah when when you woke up this morning, your head with chills.
Natalie Austin: Did
Brian Vanhoose: What did you use bathroom or
Get diarrhea.
Brian Vanhoose: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So putting in diarrhea.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: I'm 14 point system reviews rest is negative. Any suicidal thoughts.
Brian Vanhoose: No.
No.
Natalie Austin: Okay assessment on
Natalie Austin: opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Or if you want to do some mild F1 1.1 own tobacco use general generalized anxiety disorder.
Natalie Austin: Next line plan.
Natalie Austin: Will do monthly urine drug screens. We do weekly group.
Natalie Austin: Meetings.
Natalie Austin: Every Thursday we have them at noon and at 6pm there's two of them so that that'll start next week. Okay.
Natalie Austin: You can choose whichever one you want.
Natalie Austin: And it will send you an email regarding that. Okay.
Brian Vanhoose: Okay.
Natalie Austin: The front of the zoom room. You just download the zoom app. I need to type in the zoom room was it will give you the email for that.
Natalie Austin: It's really easy.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you have is that, oh, you're on right now.
Natalie Austin: We're talking on it.
Natalie Austin: She has her own room number
Natalie Austin: And her room over because every week, but my word. That's the number you have today. And that's my zoom room. It's always the same.
Natalie Austin: If you ever need you ever want to talk to me about yourself. You can, but I'll be in on the group meetings as well and I'll refill your meds, then
Natalie Austin: Eventually, we'll get weekly for a couple weeks. Eventually, we'll get to two weeks and four weeks grips. Okay.
Brian Vanhoose: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um, so yeah monthly your drug screen you're gonna have a one time lab order just generalized health we just checked your liver and kidneys and everything.
Natalie Austin: And you'll get an email with that.
Natalie Austin: Um, check wars monthly coastlines center. Dr. Jamison
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed tobacco use discuss I met obtained medical marijuana card. We discussed that.
Brian Vanhoose: So let me know next time. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: Let me know how that goes. Or if you need help with it or trying to find it, whatever. Okay. Well, good.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I want to check one more thing.
Natalie Austin: Script, just try to take this to a day.
Natalie Austin: Because we're on a
Natalie Austin: Time thing here. You don't know. I will
Brian Vanhoose: Okay, right. I'm just gonna go to bed early every day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, that's fine. That's good.
Natalie Austin: Hey, do it, but I just don't like I don't want somebody to run into this habit of taking them too soon, and calling here saying, I'm out of meds too soon.
Natalie Austin: You know, then you'll get 30 lashes.
Natalie Austin: Mean if you need to take melatonin or Benadryl or something to help you to take that that's over the counter stuff.
Natalie Austin: Right, right.
Brian Vanhoose: Zombie
Brian Vanhoose: Dangerously close to dying.
Natalie Austin: It is okay if we if we get
Brian Vanhoose: This thing on the app here the power back
Natalie Austin: Now,
Brian Vanhoose: So,
Natalie Austin: Oh no. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Come on son with you, but we get cut off. It's okay. I don't need to call back
Natalie Austin: To me.
Brian Vanhoose: Just in case we get cut off. What does it
Natalie Austin: Give me. Other questions for me.
Brian Vanhoose: No, ma'am.
Natalie Austin: How do you spell your last name again.
Brian Vanhoose: The A. V.
Brian Vanhoose: Hey,
Natalie Austin: Let's see.
Natalie Austin: Let's see, how do you say that
Yep.
Natalie Austin: Hey,
Natalie Austin: And your date of birth again.
Natalie Austin: 1123 94
Natalie Austin: And do you remember that zip code that you gave me earlier.
Natalie Austin: Scripps anywhere. Besides, Ohio, like, West Virginia or Pennsylvania.
Natalie Austin: No.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Your last trip was on 317 17
Natalie Austin: Surely, Alice up
Natalie Austin: Like goes, you know, Ohio. Oh.
Yeah.
Brian Vanhoose: Oh, wow. She didn't work.
Brian Vanhoose: In motion working gushing but she also worked in Xiamen
Okay.
Brian Vanhoose: Yeah, it's the same, same place three water.
Natalie Austin: Three weeks on the 17th. So something 18 1923 211234567. So yeah, you would have been out on the seventh today's those nights. So two days ago, very
Natalie Austin: Good. So you were on track or guys. Good.
Natalie Austin: Your days ago.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, two days ago.
And yeah.
Natalie Austin: Any Tramadol in January. It looks like somewhere in there.
Brian Vanhoose: Some
Natalie Austin: People
Brian Vanhoose: Pick it up. Oh yeah, I was ever by an attitude. I never did take the stuff that I thought it would make
Natalie Austin: The boxing.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, you know,
Take that, that'll make you sick.
Natalie Austin: Yes, I didn't take them.
Natalie Austin: Don't even get them don't even get the scripts, even just say I don't want them.
Natalie Austin: I would even take the script with you.
Natalie Austin: Just get sick taken
Natalie Austin: Okay, everything looks good here. Okay. Well, I will see you next Thursday. But either noon or 6pm whatever one you want. And they'll send you emails regards all that. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sounds good. I think you're dying there.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: Okay. Um, and the dictation. Thank you. Mia.